# University Project
A website that shows off 2 music groups using html, css , javascript , php , sql.
Each visitor can choose and vote with stars one of the four albums mentioned, contributing in the ranking system of each album. Moreover, each visitor can participate in a contest to win free tickets for a show

=====================================================================================


Internet Technologies - General 6-month project Pronunciation: Implement music artist/group presentation website. A website of this kind should contain, at least, the following websites: Main page, on which there will be a list/menu of options to go to the other web pages of the website. On all pages there will be links/buttons on which the visitor can go to the other web pages. There will be webpage(s) where information about at least one musician/band and at least two albums for each will be presented. The number of stars preferred by the audience will be displayed under the images/titles of each album. One of the featured bands presents a new album and is interested in the opinion of its audience. To record the audience's preference there will be a page/form for rating albums/music tracks. The page will store in a database the fields: album name, release date, nickname of the visitor who fills in the review/rating (Review by), the text of the review/comments and the rating (from one to 5 stars). The magazine is holding a competition among visitors with a prize of a double ticket for a music concert. Build a website where exclusively using javascript (and html, css) it collects the number of people who participate in the contest, their nickname, their answers to the question "what is your year of birth?" Consider that the user types in the year with 4 digits. When the user selects the appropriate button calculate and print in a new window how many people were born in 2003 and print their nicknames as they won the tickets. The information displayed on any website would use at least, images, tables, lists, enriched text (use css rules), links to external and internal websites, display of youtube videos and anything else that would make the application more believable. By using css the first letter of a paragraph will be capitalized (like in the image)


